both such a pair and always brought
laughter so any room entered there just
such a ray of sunshine and wake just
amazing people david win cup and his
daughter jo Renison were always at the
heart of family parties Jo had lived
with multiple sclerosis for more than 20
years but never let that stop her having
a career fundraising or bringing up her
daughter she was amazing and fun and we
are just a lovely individual like
amazing individual and she just you know
didn't knock her down didn't define her
and she always just wanted to give back
to anybody in need really David a former
police superintendent learned about his
daughter's death while he was being
treated in hospital his positive outlook
on life has made losing him and Jo even
more shocking for their family fighting
the same illness but even so I was still
absolutely convinced he would come home
because he's always he always has been
there for us but it's being difficult
this is the last time the family were
together celebrating David's
granddaughter Frankie's birthday just
weeks before lockdown and the memories
of that night my friends around I knew
it was just really special to me and
especially now and have that video and
those photos of that night where they
were both on top form and just
themselves but like so many thousands of
other families they must now treasure
those memories knowing that after
coronavirus life will never be quite the
same again
Martha Farrelly ITV News